# Tenants-Rights-Mapping-Project
* This is the project of Ray Hsiao, Brian Zamora, and Sam Karakas for Asian American Studies 191A.
* Our project’s goal is to create a space where community members can share their experiences with and knowledge pertaining to tenants’ rights, forms of landlord harassment, and ways to resist. By creating a spatial visualization, users will be able to see that they are not alone in their experience, and activists will be able to see where gentrifying activities have been happening over time. We plan to offer the survey in multiple languages so that people can use the language that they are most comfortable with, and hopefully create a space where underrepresented communities can participate in a struggle that affects renters throughout the city. Privacy is a serious concern as users could potentially face retaliation by going public with their stories. We will explain this concern in the survey description and do our part to protect privacy. We may try to offer a function for users to be able to make their own survey translations, but this could prove difficult to accomplish due to the necessity of proof-reading and potential sustainability concerns.
* We are using Github Pages for free website hosting and our code is displayed publicly on Github. The survey is in Google Forms and responses are stored in Google Sheets. We geocoded the zip codes with Google Apps Script.
* We will use free services so money will not be a concern in future maintenance. Sam is currently a member of LATU, and we could potentially also train other LATU members to maintain the site. Long-term maintenance issues include updating resources to stay relevant and also making sure that what gets added to the site is within the spirit of the project. While initially sharing the finished project with the LATU, we could also ask if people are interested in learning how to manage the site and have a separate Zoom meeting for that. We should also be keeping documentation of how to maintain the site for people to reference. We can make the code and process public so other communities can use it for their own purposes, but keep editing privileges to a smaller group of people to make sure people within the community are the ones who can directly modify the project.
